This is a head-gum original.
Wednesday.
July 13th.
I don't know if we've ever recorded on a Wednesday, Casey.
No, I've never done this on Wednesday, no.
Casey, down to you on the podcast officially,
not just behind Mike, people can see your beautiful mug
and my God, the wood panel behind you.
I brought it up off air, but I just saw it again
basically for what felt like the first time.
Choice charming vintage details in an apartment, no less.
It's only one wall.
Every other wall is, you know, standard, white rental apartment walls,
but, you know, how can you beat this?
It's like you're in one wall.
It looks like you're in big bear.
It looks like you're in Lake Arrowhead.
That's the vibe I'm going for on Zoom specifically.
He's shooting Glendale for Tahoe.
That's good.
Let's talk about your back.
You message us on Slack saying that the pain that your back was whack.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm currently bedridden in a way that's,
in a way that's like, I'm still in pain,
but maybe this is like the least painful.
I don't know what happened.
I think I yesterday,
yesterday was like relatively fine.
Was dealing with some pain woke up this morning.
Got out of bed and then immediately mind.
Right.
Come across your head.
My legs started cramping.
Like, just everything on one side of my body hurt.
And I had to go to physical therapy.
And the only position that was not painful for me for some reason was
if I stood on my good leg and I bent over
so that my other leg was in the air.
So I was like a T.
That was the only position that didn't hurt.
So I was like biking to physical therapy.
And then like any time.
Why did you just cancel it?
Because I was like, maybe he can help me.
It's like, but I couldn't sit.
So I was like biking and then like every block would have to like mimic that position
on my bike and like lean on my ankle.
Oh my God.
I finally got there.
We couldn't figure out any other position that was comfortable for me.
And then like finally after he like,
like we tried cupping and like all kinds of stuff.
I was like laying down relatively not in pain.
So I just laid there for 30 minutes with heat back.
So I got up.
And then I was okay.
I was like, I was able to walk.
But I was so scared that if I stopped walking,
it would hurt again that I just kept walking.
So I walked truly half the way I walked so far.
And then I was like maybe I'll try biking.
And I biked a little bit.
It was fine.
And then I got like three blocks or more.
But I was like, I got a walk again.
And then walking hurt.
And then that position that was good.
Also hurt.
Oh, it betrayed you.
Yeah, absolutely betrayed me.
So I got home was like relatively fine.
And now it's kind of like if I move a certain way,
I might spasm.
But for right now, I'm okay.
I got my doctor on the phone.
I want to know about the spasm.
Is that if that's like being seized with pain,
where you can't really move,
because you're afraid to move it'll hurt more.
That it's like every muscle from my lower back to my knee is cramped.
That's what that's the pain that I'm experiencing.
And then my foot is has felt asleep for three hours.
Part of the day.
Because I was walking my leg did feel on fire.
It was hot out.
I got my doctor on the phone.
Finally after like frantically calling being like,
I'm in so much pain.
Can I just talk to her on the phone?
And now I have a lot of medication to take.
How am I going to fly to LA next week?
Is anybody's guess?
Will I be there?
Who can say?
Will I leave my bed tomorrow?
That was like the button says to be continued.
I thought there was a different sound, but I was like,
Oh, what if this is the promise of more?
Anyway, yeah, that's why I'm blurred background.
I follow questions based around.
Treatment methods.
Have you taken to the baths?
Have you soaked?
I have not soaked.
But that also reminds me that I saw a TikTok
that was like the bath house and Williamsburg
is the worst place I've ever been.
Maybe think of you and Micah?
It's one of our favorite places.
Yeah.
We are probably the guys that make it bad.
It's like the equivalent of going to the lion's seat.
No, it's like the YMCA except if we're a club.
It's like it's kind of like the W hotel,
but all baths.
Yeah.
I think it's great.
I think you should go baths though.
Okay.
I think when you're feeling like you can walk or ride,
let me know and I'll take you to the bath house.
Because we've got the cold plunge.
We've got the hot tub.
We have the neutral pool.
We have the sauna.
Excuse me.
What's so funny, Jeff?
The neutral pool.
What is that?
That's the cup of water.
It's a tepid bath.
For when you've had too much heat,
but you don't want to get in the cold,
because you paid $200 to be there.
Right for the day.
That's day you.
For the day.
Okay.
So yeah.
They have the sauna.
They also have the tropical sauna.
I'm still talking.
And they have to make such a tropical.
There's a little bit of steam in that sauna.
A little bit of pineapple.
I love steam.
The steam room is all steam.
And the sauna's all dry heat.
The sauna's the dry heat.
But now the tropical sauna.
That's a little bit of a moist heat.
Then the steam room is a steamy heat.
Yeah.
The steam room.
You try to cut me off.
Yeah.
The steam ahead.
The hot marble stones.
That is going to say.
Now the way that's what like Tobin Yaki is grilled on.
You're talking about like a Japanese barbecue house.
Or more marble stones, I should say.
But it's hard to say warm marble.
And what's hard to say?
What's hard to say?
Have you ever been to a salt room?
No.
I've never heard of a salt.
Yeah.
It's like a room mate.
I want to say made out of like covered in pink Himalayan salt.
And I think it's like heated and it's supposed to be like pretty healing.
I've been to one of those.
But it was a store in Santa Barbara.
So it was like a salt room.
But everything was per sale.
And you could just kind of buy the rocks.
But I really think you should take to the baths.
I think that would.
You'd like to assault my room.
Okay.
It's blurry.
Yeah.
How's that one?
I want to.
1100 a month or whatever you're paying.
I'm not paying that.
It's really small and messy.
So that's my display.
But you can kind of see my shelf of binders that full of wood.
They hold a bunch of play bells.
Oh my god.
I'm really sorry to say what I'm about to say.
I feel like the back is a sunk cost.
And you can afford to still go out tonight and get your back thrown out.
You know what I mean?
So my back is my back.
No.
Well, I want to I want to break it down a little bit because you're saying.
My back is bad.
Arguably my back is thrown out currently.
But you're saying that I can still.
Leave my house and get it thrown out more or that getting it thrown out again is.
Would be the same as now.
The back's already bad.
So you can go find like a honey.
You could go find like a lover.
You know what make it worse.
Yeah.
As long as I can't really do a lot in your team position.
And limping in my foot's asleep.
Right.
But you also have the an excuse to not be a generous lover in terms of pain.
And so like you don't have to be good in bed.
You can just be in bed with a backpack.
Or I can be in bed.
I can I can be in bed with a backpack without doing anything.
Because that's how I'm currently.
Yeah.
Legs.
Spread into a tea.
As if you're doing a taste.
I think they'll love these ideas.
Jake, are you in chronic pain still?
Thank you for bringing it up.
I love to talk about pain.
I love to talk about other people's pain.
But more than that I love to talk about my pain.
So let's get into it.
Yeah.
I recently developed something that I believe is called decar veins.
So right.
Is that a self diagnosis?
It's a self diagnosis.
But my dad helped me with it because he had it also.
And there's apparently just like a really simple test you can do.
So like, I have just joint pain right here in my wrist.
It's very acute.
And everything feels fine.
I can do pushups.
I can like lift weights.
I'm not really like in pain.
But when I do this motion, like almost like shaking a hand.
It's severe pain all along the side of the wrist.
And apparently the way you test for it is you like cross your thumb over.
You do this and you just turn.
You might feel a tiny little pinch.
You feel like tiny little pinch?
Yeah.
For me, that is excruciating pain.
So.
And it's really weird because like I can basically avoid doing that emotion all the time.
Except for like a few little things that you just like do all the sudden where you like,
you know, you don't really do anything.
Yeah.
I've been on vacation for two and a half weeks.
I didn't wash any dishes.
And then we got home.
And I picked up like a dish in the sink to wash it.
And it was just like shooting pain time.
I am tired.
I was like, Julian, I can't help.
With the dishes.
That's what I'm saying.
Use your chronic pain to get out of others ways.
That's right.
Casey, um, pain.
My pain.
Uh, I wasn't a lot of pain up until recently.
I broke my hip skateboard.
And that was using a cane for a while.
All the front side nose grind goofy footage.
All the bobbah.
Uh, spring light.
I was sliding.
Chop, shove it.
Yeah.
Back to tray flip.
Back to his hip being broken at seeters.
Yeah.
Kick flip.
That's exactly what happened.
No kick flip.
I can do all that.
But the kick flip.
But yeah.
I was walking around.
I was walking around on a broken hip.
Yeah.
I know where that was broken.
Mm.
Then I went to the doctor's like, I fell skateboarding.
I think it's a real bad bruise.
And then he took an x-ray.
I was like, this is a broken hip.
Yeah.
You need to stop walking immediately.
And then he took a long way.
That you don't skateboard.
And you're at this fine.
I really needed that doctor's note saying that I broke it skateboarding.
Yeah.
He helped out.
So no, but it was.
Yeah.
And I still, I walk weird now.
I got like a little bit of a swing in my hip.
I stuck in your step.
You're just a happy guy.
Yeah.
I hit the swing.
I hit it than feather.
Left and right.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
And now I think I look way cooler.
And when you want to ask, why do you walk like that?
Let's say I broke my hip skateboarding.
Pretty cool.
Yeah.
When you were using the cane, did you ever kind of like,
lifted above your head?
Um,
I would point with to stuff with it a lot.
Okay.
So you were raising kids.
Yeah.
There we go.
Yes.
Something.
Um,
And you painted.
No prize.
Yeah.
Just dry eyes.
As aesthetically red.
Slash, unpleasing to vine eyes.
Mine have been drier than.
Let's say Baker's field thighs.
In that when you're chafed in the central valley of California,
that's as dry as it gets.
And that.
Yeah.
Your twice is nice.
Uh, they are getting better though.
Lace, it helps a lot.
Shout out to Dr. Arthur Benjamin.
That's a basic name.
You know, what will be able to find that doctor?
He.
What he lacks in like a creative name.
He makes up for in giving me Xanx about 30 minutes to late.
So that I'm fully awake for the surgery.
They did that for me, too.
They're like here.
Here you go.
Here's his annex.
So you can relax before the eye surgery.
And now come into this room.
Like, well, this isn't going to hit.
Yeah.
Tell my wife is picking me up.
And now.
My friend AJ picked me up after the surgery.
No, is it?
Well, you guys.
Marie can check now, AJ.
Uh, and it hit as I was getting home, basically, on the way home.
And I just kept like swaying back and forth and being like, I don't like this drug man.
Uh, I.
I think it's solid.
It felt like the world was ending to me.
It felt like I was dying.
I wonder if it was annex.
That seems like that.
It's not.
I was.
I was supposed to feel on it at all.
They did say that we ran out of Xanx,
but we can get you some in the next 15 minutes.
And so it was probably cut with fentanyl.
And you're recommending this doctor.
They just, yeah, they bought it out the street.
Uh, anyway, I'd be curious if we didn't get to, um, our.
Bond of the week.
Uh, this week, my bond of the week is mortgage backed securities.
Same.
One of the most interesting types of bonds.
Um, I'll have a dry MBS monthly payments, not semi annual coupons.
I'm surprised they haven't chosen a new bond at this point.
Just so this segment can end.
Mm-hmm.
What are they waiting for?
They have to, they simply have to announce it, right?
Yeah.
They said it's going to be well.
Reese, yeah.
I was like a recent thing.
But they said they're, it's going to reimagine the franchise.
So.
Great.
My bond of the week is Fernando Alonso.
Oh, nice.
How come the finger wagots inota?
She can.
Yeah.
Definitely that one.
Uh, no, I think he, I think he just fucked some shit up.
Good.
Probably going to sneak in around.
I'd actually pitch Alonso for the villain.
Yeah.
Because they are usually a little more brooding and have a different accent.
They're always too Russell.
Yeah.
George Russell would be bond because the kings have been.
I see.
George Russell as a villain.
I agree.
Yeah.
I see him as a, I see him as a formula one villain.
I, but I think as, I do see him as bond.
He's classically British.
He went to the rescue for zoo.
I mean, what?
Did you not?
Jeff?
I thought he was in a formula one chat with us and never respond to anything.
So he said, it's, I've missed the last like three or four races because I just haven't
been able to wake up for them or have been traveling.
So I just feel like I'm, I miss him.
I would miss him too if I were a McLaren fan.
By the way, I was on my honeymoon.
I watched both of this.
Yeah.
He really did.
Your honeymoon.
It was responsive.
He sent us photos of Ferrari merch.
He didn't have to do that.
Here's my fan.
There was so much for our family.
I might admit that it was a feat in that you guys were correct.
I hate rooting for McLaren.
Dangal record is bad at driving and he's about to switch to TV anyways.
You have to pick a new team.
Ferrari.
All right.
Welcome.
I like.
I always liked Ferrari, but it wasn't my team.
Yeah.
Right.
Houses.
Yeah.
Me too.
Casey is recently gotten into Formula One after we told him about drive to survive.
Yeah.
Casey.
What's your team?
Oh, man.
I think I really like horse.
They're the most fun.
I like the middle of the grid.
That's where the action is.
Yeah.
I'm over taking.
Sure.
Yeah.
I think car is going through a turn.
That's where you learn who can drive and who can survive.
But I guess at the front.
At the front of the grid, I like I like Ferrari.
I can't move for red bull.
Something about the red bull vibe or organization.
It's from the top.
It's I think it's Christian Horner.
He's such a little dickling.
He'd be a bomb owner man.
The perfect bomb villain.
Yeah.
He would be a good bomb villain.
He's very hitable.
Guys, our next partner has a product.
I use literally every day.
All right.
I'm talking about electric greens.
I started taking out electric greens because I have poor sleep habits and hygiene.
Honestly, I don't eat enough vegetables.
So I thought I could knock two birds with one stone.
And I absolutely did with athletic greens.
So what is this stuff?
Well, with one delicious scoop of athletic greens, you're absorbing 75 high quality vitamins,
minerals, whole foods or superfoods, probiotics, and adaptogens to help start your day right.
The special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune system,
your energy recovery, focus and aging, all the things.
I take it in the morning.
I have a glass of water, my athletic greens, and then a coffee.
Boom.
I'm off to the races.
And it just gives me the energy I need to start the day.
It's lifestyle friendly.
Whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy-free, or gluten-free.
And it contains less than one gram of sugar, known GMOs,
no nasty chemicals or artificial anything while still tasting good.
It supports better sleep quality and recovery, mental clarity and alertness,
and it's the one thing with the best things.
Athletic greens use the best of the best products based on the latest science,
with constant product iterations, and third-party testing.
And it costs you less than $3 a day, and you're investing in your health,
and it's cheaper than cold brew.
It's cheaper also than getting all the different supplements yourself.
I used to take a bunch of vitamins and pills, and now I just take athletic greens,
and I get everything I need.
You're investing in basically an all-in-one nutritional insurance.
So right now, it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system,
with convenient daily nutrition, especially heading into cold and flu season.
It's just one scoop in a cup of water every day.
That's it.
No need for a million different pills and supplements, and to make it easy,
athletic greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of immune-supporting vitamin D
and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
I've been taking it on the road.
I've been traveling a lot.
Take it by Athletic Green.
All you have to do is visit AthleticGreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's AthleticGreens.com slash what's that?
To take ownership over your health, and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance.
Thanks AthleticGreens.
Okay, we have to move on to talk about some news of the day.
What is this episode?
I have secrets.
I wanted to let him breathe.
Yeah, so we're doing pain to bond to the week to news of the day.
Headline Reads, M&M's daughter, Haley Mathers, may be starting a clothing and beauty line.
Mathers not Mathers, first of all.
What?
What is your publication?
What publication is this from?
That is going to be, I believe, from the Guardian.
No, it's from Page Six.
And she may have run out of things to report on.
She may be starting a clothing line, but she also may not be.
As first reported by the sun, not the news.
Don't get angry at us.
Haley has filed a trademark application to sell clothing and non-medicated skincare preparations in conjunction with her new entertainment brand Haley Jade LLC.
I, frankly, would like to see a crossover between the beauty line and this entertainment branch.
Like, what if there is a euphoria under eye cream?
I can't believe he stopped an interesting conversation for those.
So I think that we are all interested in.
It's formula one.
Yeah, I love it.
I feel like we have to contain formula one to five minutes per episode because people do complain.
The people who don't complain because we're not talking about Haley matters.
I know nothing about Haley matters, I.
People want me and Jake to start a formula one podcast.
I want to be a part of it.
Sean actually Danny Rick might be a part of it too.
If he's not driving next year.
Yeah, I mean he lives in LA in the off season in Beverly Hills.
Actually, I have the address.
Sean Mendez needed to slow down amid tours as source being in the public eye has put pressure on him.
Listen, I get that.
Yeah, I can actually speak to this.
How so?
Because, you know, he went through a pretty public break up with Camila Cabello and a lot of people online bullied him for being in that relationship to begin with.
So I feel like, you know, slowing down would be good for him.
For sure.
I think he's got a great voice.
I like the way he sings and sounds when he does it.
Yeah.
That's all.
I don't really care about the whole thing.
He sings any sounds.
You're Columbia Records A&R.
I wanted to be happy.
Okay, let's start with the music before you see if the artist himself will be happy if we sign him.
Evidently, that's actually important because now he's going to cancel fucking shows, right?
That's money out of their pocket.
You need to have the artist because that's how you get paid.
All right.
That's stranger things.
Demagorgan fight looks pretty different without CGI.
Is this news?
Is this a news item?
This is that's from you.
You're just just like a thought you had.
You're you're reading clickbait and we can't see the image.
So it's extra not interested in the project.
Suggest taking heartache days.
Should we?
Yeah, sure.
Well, you have houses.
That's the same as mental health day, right?
Yeah.
It's just calling it something different.
Well, yeah, but this was in like 2009.
Wait, is this news of the day from 2009?
Yeah.
Jordan Peterson's daughter proves his popularity and his laughter, his suspension.
Jordan, by the way, now we're not even talking about anything.
You're saying the headlines at us until we barely understand them.
And as soon as we do, you're on to the next one.
I don't know who Jordan Peterson is.
He's like an alt-right guy who got kicked off.
Twitter or something.
Fine.
Let's talk more about Formula One.
What's the next race?
And this will be my first Grand Prix as a Ferrari.
To Focie.
Yeah.
There you go.
Next race is France.
Yeah.
I am going to the Formula E Grand Prix this weekend.
If I can.
With the bad back.
Yeah.
Listen.
I got to see Antonio Javanese be bad at racing for me.
I didn't know he moved over there.
He did.
And he's not great.
But I went last year.
No, it was really.
It was fun.
So excited to go now that it's like an actual event.
Last year was like a scrap together.
Last minute.
Like, please come.
We need people and see this thing.
Yeah.
Um.
We do have to move on.
Fine.
Yeah.
Welcome to Laurel or Yandee.
We had to move on.
We simply have to get to Laurel or Yandee.
Do you guys know Yandee?
No.
It's this like affordable lingerie store online.
Cool.
So I'm going to play some sounds.
And you're going to tell me if you hear Laurel or an item from Yandee.com.
Ready?
Hmm.
Yeah.
Gary.
I heard Laurel.
Yeah.
I also heard Laurel.
Okay.
Interesting.
I wasn't paying attention to the rules.
I kind of forgot.
It's not a game.
It's just like a experiment of like, what do we hear?
Uh, here we go.
Daddy's little disaster costume.
What do you gonna ask?
Yeah.
That was an item from Yandee.com.
I heard Laurel.
Hmm.
You might be in the minority there.
Okay.
Now I understand the game.
All right.
Here we go.
Gary.
I heard Laurel at time.
I heard Laurel.
Item from Yandee.com.
Yeah.
I heard Crushless Camusole.
I bet the diesel laurels.
Roger this.
Camusole.
Is that what you said?
Obviously it's crotchless.
Right.
It's a top.
Oh, crotchless top.
How do you like a t-shirt where you could see your whole fucking
neck.
I'm fucking sorry.
All right.
Here we go.
I cared you, Natba at his talking.
I think that was...
I think you didn't.
Laurel.
I think I heard I kid you net body stocking.
Casey, what did you hear?
I got it.
I heard Laurel.
I also heard Laurel.
Sweet whisper,
a crotchless bodysuit.
That was a lot of sense.
Okay.
I heard crotchless bodysuit.
I heard just laid whisper, crotchless bodysuit.
Oh, yeah, sweet whisper is what I heard.
Okay.
Wait, let me listen to it again.
Sweet whisper, crotchless bodysuit.
Yeah, sweet whisper.
That time I heard Laurel.
Yeah, if you'd like every other time,
whichever one you listen for is what you hear.
Yeah.
That was listening for you.
And then I heard it.
Yeah.
That one Laurel.
That was the Laurel.
That was Laurel.
Jeez, please.
Pete's the pasties.
I don't think that was Laurel or an item from Yandy.
I think that I think Jeff made that one up.
I think it was your caveat right there.
That's a pasties.
Geez, please.
Pete's the pasties.
So they're like little pepperoni's on your nipples.
Yeah.
But I heard Laurel.
Dude, it's pepperoni.
Dude, it's not pizza pasties.
Yeah, it's pepperoni.
That'd be a full pizza.
That's it.
We have to move on.
All right.
I really don't want to do this one.
But I needed to come up with another segment.
And I thought that this would be fun for people to watch me sweat.
I've been playing online chess recently.
And I thought that I could play against one of you.
You guys can elect who's going to play.
I will send you a chest dot com link.
And let me look at what I wrote down.
For every pawn you capture,
I will text somebody that I hooked up with that I'm on good terms with.
For every rook night bishop,
I will text someone that I dated that I'm on good terms with.
If you take my queen, I will text someone that I dated that I haven't spoken to in seven years.
And if you take my king,
I will text my longest term x that does not like me at all.
This is called chest for chest for texting your x.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
You guys know I got stunned by a jellyfish when I was on vacation?
No.
That's horrible.
Yeah.
How bad was that?
It was scary.
It hurt a lot and it was very scary.
It was.
It was a little um.
Yeah.
It was a it was a shock.
It was a surprise.
Have you ever been stunned by one before?
I had but not like that.
I've been stunned where I like got out of the water.
And I like felt like something was staying.
I was like, oh, I must have swam through a jellyfish.
This was like.
I was swimming and I heard the.
And it was just like intense pain.
And then I like spun around.
I screamed to Jill that there was a jellyfish.
I swam for sure.
It was.
It was shameful.
All right.
We got the game is up.
Who is.
I'm first lack.
Casey's white.
Okay.
I'm going first.
Yeah.
So Jeff's name on the chest board is Gus Brandham.
And Casey's is Theodore Fernando.
Yeah.
Beautiful.
Okay.
Casey's opening move.
Pond to see four.
Jeff's.
Pond to E5.
This is really bad.
Who here comes the horsey.
Excuse me.
Slow down.
There's Jeff's.
This.
I believe to be for.
Jeff.
I would not have done that.
That is.
You've never played chess.
Casey, I believe that's check.
There's no way.
No.
Yeah.
It's not check at all.
Very nice.
Here comes the horsey.
Hey.
Jeff.
The night is out to F6.
Woo.
Oh.
Casey counters with a pawn.
Horsey moves again on Jeff's board E4.
Very good.
Pond to go.
It's gone.
What of Casey's was captured?
But no one needs to be tested.
Gotcha.
Jesus Christ.
I don't want to talk to any of them.
Oh, Jeff retreats on the night back to F6.
That is a coward's move.
You are frightened.
You are shook.
Casey, it's time to mount the attack.
Very nice.
Pond for Rade 3.
Now let's see if Jeff falls for the trap.
I don't think he's dumb enough to fall for the trap that Casey has laid out.
But let's see what his move is.
Well, don't tell him about the trap.
Yes.
Excuse me.
We'll see what Jeff decides to make of the board.
And he's falling for the trap.
Jeff, don't know what's happening.
This is truly only for the video watchers.
I can't talk and do this because I don't.
This is awful.
He didn't.
You're scared.
Yeah.
He didn't fall in the trap.
But he's trying to set a trap for me.
No.
You guys have no idea what you're saying.
Nice move, Casey.
Thank you.
Knight to C6.
I'm running out of time.
Oh, yeah.
This game is going to end in a minute.
No.
I don't think so.
I think you guys only have three minutes total.
I thought that was perturne.
That's perturne.
Okay.
It's a dangerous game.
Just can sometimes last for hours.
Yeah.
What if this turns into a real stalemate?
I would love that.
The stakes are so high.
Usually like sacrificing a pawn is good.
All right.
The first pawn is down pawn.
This isn't bad actually.
This is texting somebody.
I've hooked up with that.
I'm on good terms with.
That's interesting.
Right.
Somebody who's a close friend actually.
What should I say?
Okay.
So let's pretend we'll text them something like it's almost like you're texting a doctor
about the location of a rash.
Okay.
So you say no.
Just above the thigh.
But on the outside.
Raised redness.
But the itching has stopped.
Perfect.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Great.
Nice.
All right.
Does it say delivered?
Did you get that?
Good.
We're already at minute 40.
There's no way.
This is going to work.
You have 20.
Two seconds left.
What?
I did those.
My turn.
That was the trap.
Wow.
And Jeff moves the pawn to H5.
Fuck.
Another.
You can't.
It's a captured.
All right.
That's you have to text an X.
Right.
I have to.
Okay.
Person first person just responded saying what are you all right.
So I guess I respond.
And I just seated my time.
Get over.
I guess let's just continue with this conversation then.
We only have like three minutes anyways.
What do you want me to respond?
Casey.
I think it's thing.
You feel sorry that was for.
Gosh.
Random.
Well, yeah.
It was the idea that you were texting a doctor.
And it's.
Yeah.
That's it up.
I say continue to.
Engage as if you were still talking to the doctor.
Okay.
So she said what are you all right?
That's what she said.
Yes.
What are you all right?
Yeah.
You say yes.
The itching has gone down.
But I feel like the redness is getting a little bit deep.
But the redness is getting more of a crimson.
Something like that.
Yes.
The itching has gone down.
But the redness is becoming more crimson.
Wait.
Can I can I add it slightly?
I already said.
Okay.
What would it tell me what the other would have been?
Just going to suggest saying that it's starting to spread lower like a crimson river.
Should I like that's happening in real time.
Yeah.
I said shit.
It's spreading downwards in a crimson river of boils.
You escalated too fast.
Yeah.
The boils are going to give it away.
Now.
Yeah.
Okay.
I thought.
You have this whole thing up I guess.
Yeah.
Well, now you have to text.
Now you have to text the X because the case he did also before this game was over.
Yeah.
I think capture that visual.
But it's an extra still on good terms.
Good terms with which I have to.
Great.
I'm going to one or two.
Two.
Okay.
What do I say?
We're on good terms, right?
You're not on good terms.
I don't know.
No.
Two.
Not with that text also.
Well, can I do anything else?
Sure.
Yeah.
I'm not going to make you do it.
No, I'll do something equally bad. I just can't do that
What if it could you do we had fun, right?
It's not even going to be good for the show because she's not going to respond fast because she has an Android
Okay fine, what if you just text a picture a picture of your face and say should I cut my hair?
But it's really close and it's just your eye
I
My phone's dead. I have to
You're fucking segment it was your idea to play chess and to text your exes
Text goes you look tough. We captured one pawn and then you're and you texted one person then you're phone died
You wouldn't text
I think I don't think it should be your eye. I think it should just only be your hair like the end of your hair
Yeah, it's good. Just the split in
Oh god, and maybe like hold it up like you're
Hang on
I have to delete. This is so embarrassing
Okay
Oh
Hold that end in the hair a little bit we have to play these other videos. So it looks like you're showing it to camera
That's great
All right, okay, now my computer is freezing
Of course you guys talk about formula one or some shit. I got to figure this shit up
Okay, so you playing
Formula the 22 game. I'm playing 2021
Because it was cheaper because 20 and two just came out
And then I just got that the racing wheel with yeah, I saw that
And man, oh, man
I'm going to
I'm thinking of becoming an e-sports
Formula one champion
You can't break your hip doing that. Well, you've got to get yeah, okay. You've got to get a different wheel awful photo
Yeah, like my hair
Love it
We're not going to need a response, but I'll update next week
We got to wrap this shit up anyways
We made it to another week, you know, this show's still fucking going ads out the wazoo
um
We didn't take an ad break
Do we have ads at every James on Instagram
at Jeff boy already on Twitter. I am 400 followers away
from 10,000 and
a huge if
Let's say if I get to 10,000 followers by the end of July. I will post an Instagram story of my actual ass
I think you do that. You should re-mate
First, yes, I feel like you should also recreate the the bot test photo
Oh, that's like a mystery
Yeah
Okay, if we get to 10,000 followers by the end of the July. I'll recreate the bot test photos somehow
I don't know where I'm going to do that
I'm going to be hard. We'll find a stream. All right. Yeah, to Penga
Or in the L.A. River
The L.A. River is perfect. So polluted. You guys want me to get fucking a weird river disease
Ideally, yeah
It would be really funny if you did that, but it was just like the dry concrete part
That's funny
Casey plugs. What are you got going on? What do you want to point the people to?
Oh, uh, you know, just follow me on Twitter at Casey Dotting who you know
It's where you can find anything I'm doing
America
Follow me on Twitter Instagram and letterboxed at Marie Gaylon
I'm pretty close to getting 2,000 followers big deal for me
So if anyone wants to follow me out of just like goodwill and know that I won't do anything in return
That'd be cool. Will you post content? Yeah, I post fun things. Yeah.
Photos. If you get to 2000 you post a picture of Jeff's ass. That's great
I'm always
We'll see
Jake you're going to Jamf L. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Is this coming up before that show?
This coming up. Yeah, great. Okay, go to jakenmir.com
There's tickets for our show at jathl in Montreal and you're hosting
The
That's right. Of course. Great
Um, and we're hosting the new faces show. I have no idea what they are time that is, but it's some time
That weekend that week maybe Thursday maybe Friday. What are those two? Thursday July 28th
13 p.m. And you better believe it's at the double tree grand salon opera
Of the using yeah come through it's going to be good nothing. No new fun here than a 130 p.m. Show and new
faces of comedy creators amazing. Um, and we'll see you guys again next week until next week
That stars folks
That was a hit dumb original
you